Weekly Changelog 2024-06-17 to 2024-06-24 (#74744)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Automatic turrets will not fire guns if they are going to overheat
Deconstructing now prompts with potential items, can be toggled off in settings
NPC @ menu: Show morale, medical; Change name, gender, armor sprite

> Various knives now using the variant system
> (Currently player only) Factions can take over and loot camps they don't own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Currently player only) Factions can take over and loot camps they don't own
```

Add brick construction to camp expansions
Clean water in open containers reverts to water after a while
Update the basic gas mask, related filter, filter ammunition, and gas mask bag to modern CDDA standards, add possible inserts and outserts, disassembly recipe, and item group goodness.

> nicotine liquid alteration
> Added Mossberg 590M. Just look at this gun, it is ridiculous
> Add the Chiappa Rhino
> Remove the 'Shockstorm' attack from monsters that have it
> Adds new endings which are impacted by the strength of other factions
> Add white phosphorus and related recipes
> Added two shotguns, streamlined another two
> adds Colt Python
> Adds pump action rifle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the 'Shockstorm' attack from monsters that have it
Adds new endings which are impacted by the strength of other factions
Add white phosphorus and related recipes
Added multiple new guns
```

[Aftershock] Add the Esper scenario
[Aftershock] Esper additions
[Aftershock] Adds one the Solar Array Overmap special to Aftershock.

> Give some map extras CLASSIC tag
> Adds a police station to the Aftershock Exoplanet. As well as content supporting that.
> [Aftershock] Add Spark to Esper scenario
> [Aftershock] Adds 6 variants of Enclosed Parks to the Exoplanet
> [MoM] Write single variable-based EoC for power contemplation, make it more like other meditation activities
> [Aftershock] Add two versions of the Exosuit Garage
> Aftershock: Fix some uncommon failures to travel to Port Augustmoon.
> [Xedra Evolved] Vampires can just drink blood.  They can just drink it
> [TropiCata] Audit and balance pass on termites and termite accessories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give some map extras CLASSIC tag
[Aftershock] Add Spark to Esper scenario
[Aftershock] Add two versions of the Exosuit Garage,  travel to Port Augustmoon, 6 variants of Enclosed Parks to the Exoplanet, and Enforcer station for Aftershock
[Xedra Evolved] Vampires can just drink blood.  They can just drink it
[TropiCata] Audit and balance pass on termites and termite accessories
```

Lower the warmth values of some undergarments and thin clothes.
Switched Reload Speeds for Plasma Rifle and PPA
Bring volume calculations for player body more in line with realistic examples

> profession item audit
> Give pebble ammo type recovery chance
> Balancing recipe imbalances due to red phosphorus weight changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give pebble ammo type recovery chance
```

Properly warn if food will cause you to overeat
Not to shatter already shattered armor.
Make farm plots re-tillable in farming extension version 2

> Break fake vehicle parts when the real part breaks
> Removes FS2K, Colt Lightning
> updates ench_quadruped_movement_full and the map::player_in_field function to consider quadrupedal movement.
> Tone down hair growth times.
> Reloaded ammo failure removed
> Removes AF-2011A1
> Fixes OM Terrains triggering their exit_eoc on entry instead of correctly triggering their entry_eoc
> Raw copper wire (weighing 4.747 g) can no longer be disassembled into copper (5 g). New recipe to turn raw copper wire into copper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Break fake vehicle parts when the real part breaks
Fixes OM Terrains triggering their exit_eoc on entry instead of correctly triggering their entry_eoc
Raw copper wire (weighing 4.747 g) can no longer be disassembled into copper (5 g). New recipe to turn raw copper wire into copper.
```
